# Teaching LLMs to Use Tools

## Project Overview

This project focuses on teaching large language models (LLMs) to use tools, specifically to create PowerPoint presentations. The aim is to improve the capability of LLMs to generate code that interacts with a local tool, in this case, PowerPoint, to create simple and complex presentations.

## Files Description

### Model Training and Testing

There are three main Jupyter Notebook files in this repository related to model training and testing:

1. **DistilGPT2.ipynb**: Code for training and testing the DistilGPT2 model.
2. **Llama2.ipyn**: Code for training and testing the Llama2 model.
3. **Phi3.ipyn**: Code for training and testing the Phi3 model.

These files contain the necessary code to fine-tune and evaluate each respective model on the task of generating PowerPoint presentations.

### Datasets

The datasets used for training and testing the models are hosted on Hugginface due to size constraints. There are two datasets:

1. **Dataset1**: Dataset to fine-tune the models to learn how to create PowerPoint presentations using the python-pptx library.
2. **Dataset2**: Dataset with Basic and complex instructions to create PowerPoint presentations using a custom python class.

You can access these datasets [here](https://huggingface.co/datasets/Leonardorm7/PP) and [here](https://huggingface.co/datasets/Leonardorm7/PPAPI).

### PowerPoint API Script

The **PowerPoint_API.ipyn** file contains the necessary Python class and functions to execute the code generated by the LLMs. This script enables the creation and customization of PowerPoint presentations based on the instructions provided by the models.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

No additional installations are required as the project files are Jupyter Notebooks. Simply open and run the notebooks in your Jupyter environment.

### Instructions

1. **Clone the Repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Engleonardorm7/Teaching-LLMs-to-use-tools
   cd Teaching-LLMs-to-use-tools

## Also Available on GitLab

This repository is also available on GitLab. You can find the GitLab repository at the following link:
[Teaching LLMs to Use Tools - on GitLab](https://gitlab.com/Engleonardorm7/Teaching-LLMs-to-use-tools)
